Containerized Docker Application Lifecycle - 07.1 (#10625)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/containerized-lifecycle-architecture/key-takeaways/index.md

description: Review the key takeaways for the guide.
author: CESARDELATORRE
ms.author: wiwagn
ms.date: 02/15/2019
---
# Key takeaways

> - Container-based solutions provide important cost saving benefits because containers solve deployment problems caused by dependency failures in production environments, therefore, improving DevOps and production operations significantly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Container-based solutions provide important cost-saving benefits because containers solve deployment problems caused by dependency failures in production environments, thereby improving DevOps and production operations significantly.
```

Author: So I finally understood the (slight) difference between therefore and thereby, thanks! 😊 (had to look it up anyway 😉)

> - Docker is becoming the de facto standard in the container industry, supported by the most significant vendors in the Linux and Windows ecosystems, including Microsoft. In the future, Docker will be ubiquitous in any datacenter in the cloud or on-premises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Docker is becoming the de facto standard in the container industry and is supported by the most significant vendors in the Linux and Windows ecosystems, including Microsoft. In the future, Docker will be ubiquitous in any datacenter in the cloud or on-premises.
```

- A Docker container is becoming the standard unit of deployment for any server-based application or service.

- Docker orchestrators like the ones provided in Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) and Azure Service Fabric are fundamental and indispensable for any microservices-based or multi-container applications that have significant complexity and scalability needs.

> - Container-based solutions provide important cost saving benefits because containers solve deployment problems caused by dependency failures in production environments, therefore, improving DevOps and production operations significantly.

Reviewer: This is a duplicate of the original list item. Did you mean instead to edit the item that you've replaced? The following is clearer:
```suggestion
- An end-to-end DevOps environment that supports Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment and connects to the production Docker environments can provide agility and ultimately improve the time to market of your applications.
```

Author: Yep, this is way clearer!

> - Azure DevOps Services greatly simplifies your DevOps environment by deploying to Docker environments from your CI/CD pipelines. This statement is valid from simple Docker environments to advanced microservice and container orchestrators based on Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Azure DevOps Services greatly simplifies your DevOps environment by deploying to Docker environments from your CI/CD pipelines. This statement applies to simple Docker environments as well as to advanced microservice and container orchestrators based on Azure.
```
